Meeting notes
DJ Khaled buys a guitar and deosn't play wheezer
people who used to be wheezer fans are relatively normal?
Linkin park is named after Lincoln Park
everyone is here
Smash Mouth called out DJ Khaled for being aganst cunnilingus

Need overall design doc
I draw map (it's not 5d chess)
How to display map
-it's difficult to communicate?
Oh hey it's a puzzle game
weird little short film which doesn't exist
lighthearted
-push them into danger, a little too functional.
"cat works out they are dead, I need to unfuck this, whoopsie"
(cat kinda starts to develop feels)
In the future end of the world, make them right place right time, but we want to keep it vague.
Story is all up for argument 
-Story from a meta perspective worked out
-Is the story from a story perspective worked out? "largely?" "puzzles are plot beats?"
-Magic compass? Put someone in danger?
-Shawn is a nerd, gets puzzle 2 so that puzzle 3 can be about marl and larissa
--needs to learn to not be such a fucking nerd?
-Maybe the story does need to be more about the story after all?
god my notes are garbage
introduction to magical world
(appears normal)
are we really arguing over sci-fi vs fantasy
ari wants to recap: act 1 going for a wark in the woods, mundane + magic item. Act 2 needs to flesh out more and magic is happening. Act3 shit gets crazy?
Does the fight at the end (we're having a fight at the end?) happen in our world or their world?
some kind of immediate threat
cat has wondered "hey maybe these people could have lived normal lives until they died"
How long before you can go back?
"they literally didn't pick the fucking thing up goddamn I can't believe these fucking people"
Limited timespan? or caveat?
If did again, remake rather than sequel. Don't worry too much.

20th of April
NOW IS THE TIME!

Gerk is going to list out how many tracks we need.
Characters colour need to match.
CYMK? Kat?
My name is edwin?
Ari is backgrounding and dissapearing under the ocean. Art doesn't need to be finished. magical compass
suz's possibly weird question? billboard edwin
3-4 environments?
Suz had a thought and immediately forgot what it was- garifield 
I need to hurt NDN until it does multiple portraits?
try to do saturdays in the future?

-Writers -> mood ideas -> gerkuman themes
-Autumn is drafting the first act

Hazel and Autumn using different colours in the google doc.
I didn't come up with a title?

We have a shared google drive now
I think I'm getting too tired? apparently something can't be made shared?
discord might not like pirates
this is a good call
16/9 ratio for ari
then we goodbye




